Updated Umbraco UIBuilder 14.0.0-alpha1 docs (#6386)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-ui-builder/release-notes.md

## Release History

This section contains the release notes for Umbraco UI Builder 14 including all changes for this version.

#### [**14.0.0-alpha1**](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.UIBuilder.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F14.0.0) **(September 2nd 2024)**

* Product migrated to support the new Web Component-based Umbraco

> You can read more about the new Backoffice [here](../umbraco-cms/extending/customize-the-editing-experience.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read more about the new Backoffice [in the Umbraco CMS documentation](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms/extending/customize-the-editing-experience).
```
